When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

	When I would like to share my work with people.
	When I need a backup to store my files more securely. 

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

	Cause I prefer to have control over the state of my working copy, knowing what I have. Automatically pulling changes can lead to errors, conflicts between versions or missing changes in your files.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

	Fork: its a Github command that allows you to clone a repository inside github without the need to clone it to your own computer. I would use it to create my own version of the repository and still maintain a link to the original version, as to give credit to its author.
	Clone: its a Git command that allows you to copy an entire repository (local or remote) to your computer. I would use it to clone my own repository or someone elses to my computer so that I can work on it.
	Branch: its a Git command that allows you brake your current flow of commits into two, the current one and a new one with another name, so you can work in parallel not affecting the other flow. I woulld use this for creating branches to fix bugs or create new functionality and the merge the branches into the master flow. Also could be used for creating a new version of the master flow that you dont want to merge but to keep it in parallel.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

	We are able to work offline, merge all the changes into master, and finally push all changes to the remote.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

	I would colaborate with others passing the files to each other. As a method its easier cause you just need to pass the file around and not do all of the stuf like add, commit, push, pull, merge...etc. On the other hand its really a recipe for disasster, you can very easily lose changes, or merge the changes in the wrong way, you lose track of previous changes, and lose track of who made the changes.